docs: add third-party storage docs (#728)
harvester/docs: docs/volume/export-volume.md

You can select and export an existing volume to an image by following the steps below:

:::note

> Since the third-party storage is supported, there is the limitation of the export volume. You need to ensure the volume did not attach to any workload (VM/Pods) before exporting the volume to an image or you will see the image is stuck in the `Exporting` status.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the volume is in external storage, ensure that it is not attached to workloads (virtual machines and pods) before starting the export process. This prevents the resulting image from getting stuck in the *Exporting* state.
```
